All right let's go ahead and move on to the next frame.
So let's keep this frame open because we're going to need it later.
But for now let's go ahead and open our original standing frame one more use this as our base again.
So the pose for this frame is going to be where he's pushing off the ground.
His feet are still touching and his arms are going to come down just a little bit because of the force
of him pushing up.
So let's come back to our diagram and have a look at what that looks like.
So his feet are still touching.
Yeah he's almost on his tippy toes and his arms come down.
All right.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to create a marker for where the ground is because we're
going to lift his body up a little bit.
And once his feet have moved we're not going to know where exactly that ground used to be.
So we're going to grab one of our ruler lines and we'll drag it down to the bottom of his feet like
so.
So now we can go ahead and move our whole character and we still know where that ground level is.
So next what we want to do is we want to select all the layers that have our character on it and we're
going to use the grab a move tool then we're going to use the arrow keys on a keyboard to nudge our
character up.
Now we use the keys on our keyboard to do this because we want him to push straight up about there should
be good maybe a little bit higher next where we want to do is we want to come to our body folder where
the legs and feet are.
And first we're going to cut away this foot right here.
And what we're going to do with this selection is we're going to use the Transform Tool to rotate it
like so and then reposition it.
So just the tip of his foot is touching that ground.
Now we'll go ahead and hit enter.
Awesome.
Next hour we're going to do is we're going to select this skin tone than using our brush tool.
We'll go ahead and paint in this empty area.
And use the eraser to erase away any unwanted areas such as this little point right here.
Great.
Next what we're going to do is we're going to add a new layer.
And on this layer we're going to create a shape that is about the size of this foot but it's going to
be more like we're looking down on it rather than straight onto it like we are here.
So now we can go ahead and fill that in.
Then let's come back to our body layer and using the marquee tool we can go ahead and select this old
foot and delete it next what we want to do is we want to animate these arms.
So let's start with the spear arm.
So we'll select the arm and the spear folder then using the transform tool.
Let's just go ahead and rotate that down like so
and then reposition it.
Then let's move on to the next arm.
So we'll come up to the body layer and then let's select this arm
and using the transform tool we can go ahead and rotate that down.
So get into position
hit enter.
Great.
So now those bombs have been animated into position.
Now lastly what we want to do is we want to begin to start to tilt his head up as he jumps up.
We want him to begin to look up just for dramatic effect.
So we're going to select the feather folder and the mask folder and then using the transform tool we
can go ahead and rotate his head.
Now we want to make sure like before we grab this pivot point and we put it where his neck would pivot
naturally.
So somewhere about there should be good.
So now we can rotate it and it will rotate at that pivot point.
That should be enough rotation.
So I hit enter.
Awesome.
So we just finished our second Fring.
Now let's go ahead and create a copy of this.
So will select all of our folders and we'll copy them merge then.
Now let's select the layer that we just created and our background and now we can drag both of those
into our Spryte sheet.
Once again we'll drop that into our grid get it into position and we can go ahead and delete that background
layer.
And let's go ahead and label this layer f 2 for frame 2 then.
Let's not forget to save out our new frame.
So we'll go file save as EF 2
great.